CURRENT PRIORITIES/TO DO: 
make new terms for regions to faciliate biotype specific. 
(1) SMR: making limited_to etc = addition of new relationship terms to clarify in tissue instance. 
eld is still fixing up reproductive section
then stn will then take over and do muscle and neuro relationships 
SMR will figure out CLpart_of NCBITaxon:XXXX to indentify planariasn specific CL terms 

SMR & STN decide that SMR is still admin to keep simultaneous commits from turning into a hot mess.
KEEP ALL COMMIT CHANGES TO CREATING A NEW BRANCH RATHER THAN COMMIT DIRECTLY TO MASTER. (starting with after stn submits these notes)
This ensures all partied get notified via email of relevant updates.
 

GENERAL:addition of manus brought up idea of expanding synonym (ie. racing stripe, belly etc)
ON TECH: fia suggested in the github to bitbucket switch to have separate repos for indiv pub events, others agreed 

(1) FURTHER RELATIONSHIPS TO ADD: 
excluded_from
not_present_in
specific_to
limited_to
specific_to <- THIS ONE WILL BE MOST HELPFUL FOR SEXUAL/ASEXUAL CLARIFICATIONS
 
WE NEED CLEAR RULES IMPLEMENTED TO REDUCE AUTHORITATIVE STRESS 

WITH RESPECT TO ZFAs post-composed method to deal with composites and reduce granularity:
we have reproducible in situs that show reproducible spatial regions vision(definitive organism subdivision) 
we should be higlighting in the paper that we have spatial regions (neck etc) 

PROBLEM WITH REGIONS! Biotypes.
parapharyngeal region will include testes - but only in sexual- how should we be dealing with this?
has_part  
excluded_from

ELD: mentions working to make sure parent classes have most basic relationships- keep this in mind.

parapharyngeal region
has_part peripheral nervous system 
has_part testes  Not in asexual, something about specific to testes 
limted_to ??

relationships can be qualified - rules can be applied to them. Fia thinks this exists (if not it should).

not all defs have references- that's find for now- but upon next submission we need that to have confidence in the term 
which brings up:

ON SUBMITTING- RULES
highest level of confidence comes from literature

1) in literature (first mention)
2)agreed upon by XXX ? 

what are our minimum requirements? :
name
definition
citation

submission without citation:
SMR: email addresses of people who support term outside lab
we send email verification?? 

will provide alternate justification (what that is... rather unclear)

SMR:CEBIO (not sure I've got that acronym right...) star system rating confidence of terms
back at who is the authority here. power to people this way. 

neural plate in ZFA with their anterior and posterior timelines may have key to testes conditional problem. 

ZFA has got around our organization problems with making more child classes (back at duplication)
paraphayngeal reagion
  sexual parapharyngeal region
  asexual parapharyngeal region 
  
  bulkier but more intutive but we should be going for intuitive with the goal PERSON USEABILITY
  
  PROBLEM SOLVED: duplicate and split as child classes (we're going ZFAs route on this)
  
  
  ELD: thoughts on what the goal/market for this ontology is, 
  uptodate comprehensive and 
  access versions 
  submission of new terms 
  modificaion of existing relationships
  
  we are trying to bring in the peers to input 
  
  DEPICTED_BY
  may create problems with allowing outside sanchez lab to submit- legally w respect to already published images. Work 
  submission and creation fo new term- depicted by submission will be helpful - including rules. 
  
  Thoughts on depited_by bring up larger scale organizational issues. What does the sum total of indovidual Sanchez digital pubs look like?
  Does this get housed under planosphere? 
  
  planosphere to refect ontology, plus information added. 
  
  SMR: smed gd2 is out there g browse
  SIMRbase uses Jbrowse
  
  Planosphere- adaptive to become the centralized resource? MOST LIKELY YES. (sphere is all encompassing)
  on making more rich pages for terms- will stowers need to hire people to become things like curators? they are tossing this around. 
  add genes to publicatons ( like flybase curators) can curators add info to gene pages? 
  dbxref with extra stuff added. special grants for resource related. through carnegie. 
  
  key figures from multiple papers. 
  
  back to line 87: depicted by needs legal help.
  SMR has work around likely- each lab hosts/pubs own journal-related information (thus "self" publishing)
  looks like for us: ontology dbxref links to page on planosphere. Other lab provide us link to their info pages...


  
 
  

