STN checking adding new file 

Outline below based ZFA paper- edit/cut/chop/regoranize/delete as needed. 
STN current criticisms- they aren't the best at transitions and seem to jump around a bit...

1.) Design considerations - ZFA 
   A. Relationships: need of hierarcical and partonomic organization with respect to anatomy and developmental time 
      i. examples of which relationships and how used
      ii. reinformcement of how this cements hierarchy and partonomy with use of existing RO 
        TABLE 1. table of relationships used 
        FIGURE 1. ontological representation of zebrafish heart development (highlights relationshipsn and overall hierarchy) 
    B. Development: pooling previous resource (anatomy dictionary) + CARO, how this differs from existing AOs and why 
    C. Classes: human-readable- working on logical/ computable definitions for future 
    D. Interoperability: reuse of CL classes and Xrefs for "cross-granularity partonomy queries" 
      i. #terms xref'd in CL 
      ii. unique entries and organization
    E. Early work: on focus groups to generate start point
      i. contributors have virtual publication 
      ii. "grey-literature" referencing
    F.Current numbers 
      i. percent coverage of definitions
      ii. part_of #
      iii. develops_from #
      iv. rates of term addition
      v. identification of new terms (SourceForge tracke use)
    G.Releases: on their checks before a new version rolls out
      i. child classes match parents with respect to stages
      ii. child stages fall within parental stage range
      iii. develops_from requirements
      iv. expression and phenotype annotation checks 
  
  
2.) Content considersations -ZFA 
    A. Active description requires some flexibility in completeness and willingness to adapt to community needs
    B. On consensus: it's needed or they don't include it
    
3.) Design considerations- ZFS (staging)
    A. Integrated Staging concurrent with ZFA- go on to explain organization 
    
4.) Anterior/Posterior modeling 
    A. Axis with relationship to developmental A to P progression
    FIGURE 2. representing AP development of midline

5.) Using ZFA/ZFS for data annotation- THIS SHOULD BE IN OUR DISCUSSION SECTION
    A. gene expression using post compositional approach on
        i. Spatial ontology 
        ii.GO
        
    B. phenotype data
        i.mutants
        ii. transgenics
        
    C.annotation of histological slides for Zebrafish Atlas project 

6.) Search using ontology terms 
    A. autocomplete in ZFIN
    B. searches return classes that are ancestral and part_of
   
7.) Using ZFA as a collaborative framework
    A.Bridging the gap between similar species- template as starting point for other projects
      i.Medaka
      ii. Xenopus
      iii. Teleost AO
      
    
